Improves README (#37)
code-for-venezuela/2019-april-codeathon: README.md

# Code for Venezuela - April 2019 Codeathon

This repo contains all the information needed for both in-person and remote participation in the event. 

First, let us take a moment to say thank you! You are awesome and we really appreciate the time and effort you are putting into this. 

## What to expect from this Hackathon? 

> The ultimate goal of this Hackathon is to bootstrap a network of people that would like to help with Venezuelan current situation. Making sure that we use our skill and energies towards initiatives that have direct impact in the country.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ultimate goal of this Hackathon is to bootstrap a network of people that would like to help with the current Venezuelan situation — making sure that we use our skill and energies towards initiatives that have a direct impact in the country.```

> Some ideas that we want you to have in mind:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are a few things that we want you to have in mind:
```

> 0. We don't expect to have fully fleshed solutions to the challenges proposed for this Hackathon. We want you to have fun while working on projects that have the potential to make a difference in Venezuela.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. We don't expect to have fully fleshed out solutions to the challenges proposed for this Hackathon. We want you to have fun while working on projects that have the potential to make a difference in Venezuela.
```

> 1. This community is real! Let's embrace it and nurture it. We've been so excited to see people from so many parts of the world getting together for this event. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. This community is real! We are very excited to see people from so many parts of the world getting together for this event, let's embrace our community and nurture it.
```

> 2. If you really like on of the challenges and would like to continue working on it after the Hackathon, please reach out! We would like to form brigades that continue to work on this problems beyond the scope of this weekend. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you like one of the challenges and would like to continue working on it after the Hackathon, please reach out! We want to form brigades that continue to work on these problems beyond the scope of this weekend. 
```

If you want to work on a challenge that is not by our partner organization, you are welcome to do so! Share you challenge in [#hackathon-ga](https://codeforvenezuela.slack.com/messages/CH5JMFBB2).

> It is highly likely that there will be more teams than challenges. But fear not! Nothing like tackling problems from different angles to find creative and interesting solutions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly likely that there will be more teams than challenges, but fear not! Nothing like tackling problems from different angles to find creative and interesting solutions. 
```

### Remote Mentor

> There will be team members, monitoring all the slack channels for the remote locations. They will be answering questions and making sure your requests are funneled back to the team in SF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There will be team members monitoring all the Slack channels for the remote locations. They will be answering questions and making sure your requests are funneled back to the team in SF.
```
